hey tube so you see I have some pollen
something no I've not cut my luck I
actually installed the Marly twist on my
box and I think this is a cool solution
for like wanting to have length but not
wanting to go through that kind of
in-between stage so but yeah um just
really quick it took me like then I
would have to install them and I did one
hub on the twist for every two lock and
no half 50 lakhs so I have about 25 of
on twist and my locks i retested them
last week so I'm like one week into my
retwist and it was a little frisbee but
not really but I figured hey why not
so I put these in I'll probably only
keep them for a week or two just because
I did this just to see if I could and
how they look and I really like it so
yeah about it just locks it can be done
um and I used half of those and before
even installed these survivalists I
picked up if follow me on Instagram or
Twitter know that picks up this Jane
Carter restore moisture mist it is
amazing and it's good for hair and skin
so I have you shake it up
my hair it smells good and it feels
amazing and it's just really for its
this is a daily use miss daddy used to
mess sales and complex amino acids to
strengthen hydrate and help rebuild
stronger shinier hair can also be used
on the skin as an excellent moisturizing
yes it can be I've been using it for the
past cool days and I love it so I use
that and my my twist down at night and
that is about it
yeah I will have another video about my
steam treatments because I really can
want to educate you guys about steep
treatments and how to add moisture to
your hair so if you look up for that
you